The pair is very moving.
And I think right now, the deal with the answers was violent, the executive order.
He is not really the mother-in-law, but the executive order is proper.
Whether we took the wrong by it, he's merely really the mother-in-law.
So he's part of the team, so he's going to be a quick support.
Correct.
The statement is called.
The other reason is that I cannot answer that, whether or not the January 21st matter,
which is the hardest and most frustrating with the discussion.
I cannot answer.
I'd like to have the privilege of this, I don't know.
This is not a privilege.
This is an order from the chief executive executive of this country.
I know what this term a tweeted lightly.
That's what Senator M. Dirtism said.
Senator M. Dirtism has been avert the privilege.
He is not avert in anything he told me.
He is not avert the privilege.
Next, Senator M. Dirtism, I'm sure you're right at this.
If he went to the surprise and he cannot answer the question,
it would be horrible.
I accept that.
Mr. Chairman, I'm going to ask big questions.
I'm going to answer, sir, to allow the witness to assert his privilege.
He is more answered.
He is the only person who can do this.
That's an elementary rule of law.
I think that if privilege to challenge a cross-missed order,
he must assert himself.
Mr. President, we have to answer this question.
Next, you discuss the question January 21st.
We could annually introduce for after-class meetings.
And discuss the subject of the death-after-meeting runway.
The hearing, the testimony was conducted.
The charges that were being made about the maintenance
of the columns to serve with help.
Any other subject?
We wanted to do that.
We agree to that.
Yes, I agree to that.
I agree to that.
Sorry, we'll leave the question.
Mr. Aron, what do you have to do with this question?
Did you have to function for a point where you take the time
to get the good work towards that meeting?
I'm just going to talk to the public about the death-after-meeting.
Maybe the hearing testimony was conducted.
The charges that were being made for a property made against the firm
with the firm itself.
Or any other subject related to the issue that is.
So if you find out an hour from and then come back to the end,
that's what it's not.
That's what we can't write for.
Thank you.
That concludes the question.
Mr. Aron, I hope that you think you can go.
Mr. Aron, you told us you should go to file
on the trial of the New Pigeon's about that.
Isn't that right?
Yes.
And you know Mr. Aron talked to the new state of the man who was
the foot of my leg just think we are nothing to say to him
or thought we were committed.
That's right.
Well, I don't think I had that impression.
I wouldn't say it was a disease.
I considered it a disease.
It caused us to my admirer.
Well, you might have admired him.
Others might have other views about him.
That's not the issue here.
So this purpose I'm asking whether we can agree
that he's quite possible to send them across.
Well, you have to go out that way to use air.
If you want to go out that concludes the question.
Now, let's head to the high.
Mr. Aron, you're telling the patient who's listening.
Did you think he was family to me and the Archimedes?
Well, I didn't think he was a one.
He's not a very one.
Oh, my God.
Now, when did Mr. Out of Compton see him?
Mr. Aron, the time to decide.
Any questions, Mr. Stratel?
Of course he was chairman.
Mr. Adam, you were in the team and said,
that's sad this morning did you not say it?
And he really didn't say that the preparation,
I think that's a little to try to think of the care
that he's made in agreements that they would be able to reach out to.
That's the long quote from Mr. A.L.I.
I think if I had any test this time, then we'd do this now.
I've just heard the chairman of the Clare A.B.
Reef could talk about a subject with me now kind of a month.
Take a seat, please.
Mayor of Compton, I'd be pleased.
Mayor of Compton, I'd like to have a meeting.
The explanation of the chair has given the audience.
There's undisputed by all of our guests here today.
I presume you're about the same fellow citizens who were here when we went into the recess.
You know the demonstrations of approval of just approval of an article make here.
For any time by our guests in the committee room.
The time of the recess, many Council junctions were about to proceed with some questions
that you wanted to ask Mr. John Adams to down the desk.
The ten.
The rather we understand is now new and respectful areas the Army has been pulled
with responsibility.
Full responsibility alone.
There's a preparation and the prosecution of these charges against the McCarthy's
investigating committee.
Is that correct?
Yes, sir.
And I further understand your testimony today and that is a secretary.
The things charges were prepared on your own initiative.
Is that correct?
Yes, sir.
I think that the thing is, the word preparation is given you a little bit because
of the day that I'll continue to discuss for a moment of my name.
Do you mean me?
Or an arrow, a document like this, probably would be prepared by the Department of Councilor.
Not to work talking with you, but you're the partners.
So the new Army, no return on the same thing.
The Army's chronology, the 34th has that all the terminology of the bench which was
admitted on the 10th of March.
But in this particular case, the Department of Councilor was so closely related to the matter.
I'm part of an interest.
There's that, I think there was a general theory among those officials who were discussing the matter
with the decision that there was described to the state's divin.
That I probably wouldn't be able to do the job as objectively as I should.
And it was for that reason that Mr. Brown was assigned to do it.
And the actual writing was done by Mr. Brown, who was an assistant general counsel of the bench
department and he did it by his decision medium of interviewing me, the state and other officials.
I mean, studying various files, memorandum, so my file.
And the actual physical access preparation and putting it together was done by Mr. Brown.
The income or location was brought back to us in kind of semi-final form and we went over it.
So although the floor was constantly worth the Army, we had a fist.
And that's the point I think that is most confusing.
And I'm trying to state now if I get you that narrative.
Will you put two things on the defense department?
Yes, sir.
Then the preparation of the document and the chronological event, the local state document,
was done by those in the city gone and putting yourself in the picture.
And then independently of all other instances are employees of any other department of the government.
That's right, sir.
That is correct.
Yes, sir.
And the chronological events, including of 34 pages, and which was released to the public all March to the memorandum faculty,
was released there to the committee.
And if they have not to the public by the end, release to the committee on March to the memorandum.
Yes, sir.
While prepared, certainly it's the stomach there, some groundwork to keep it laid.
The memorandum is the two technical positions, some a confirmation of a van that the two have brought about.
And these are the following years being a federal department of the stomach on the 22nd day of January.
Is that correct, sir?
Yes, sir.
And that was done on your own in the city.
There's one thing I might say clearly that I haven't remembered.
One of my people reminded me that on the 20th of January, which is green tea, the meeting of the 30th General Office,
I have a face telephone call for gifts at which time I have them to give me a manner of a list of all of the passes which private shine.
I have a half while he was in court, indicating that there was crystallizing in my mind then, prior to the meeting in the Attorney General's office.
The feeling that I have, that I should put these memorandums together.
Yes.
Then thinking in the consideration, the thing that has been crystallizing in your mind over the days of several weeks,
the information that you got as a result of your telephone call to force takes.
As the statement is delivered in the May 18th, about 7.25, only evening out January 22nd.
Getting in the consideration, all of them, you as a result of those things, then on your own in the city,
began compiling data documents memorandums, given in your mind and on paper from which the 34th date documents evolved.
Is that right?
Yes.
And this evolved slowly, the 34th date documents, from what you had compiled by way of these documents.
That way of data and documents and dates and events.
I'm very fond of the point of information we have today, to Mr. Duncan, but I have, in the state of the year that we have one or two questions of Mr. Adam,
in view of the testimony and the part of Mr. Duncan, that will take me quite some time, so it may be just what I'm looking for.
Mr. Duncan, you're examining the information.
I will go through this line of both the information of the May and the state.
Is that correct, Mr. Adam?
I don't know if they all have to have that in question.
Red again, sir.
The interrupts are over the question.
So, let me be speaking.
We have a little peculiar about it.
The other time, we will go and reach.
We have a document of the law and its name.
Yes sir.
All the next questions are on the phone.
And that's that overview.
And this evolved slowly, the 34th date documents, from what you had compiled by way of data and documents,
and they are pretty different.
I think the word slowly is in correct sure because there were other documentation,
the records, memorandum files and diaries, which also were used in the patient's ill-personal interviews,
in the preparation of the 34th date documents.
And they were diaries and documents, and memorandum, not only from private views, but by the secretary,
and perhaps others in the Pentagon, yes sir.
So that you say that you are correct and the secretary is correct in your foreign testimony,
that the charges were prepared, and the groundward further charges were prepared,
slowly on the initiative, on the volition of views and the secretary and the department of the same.
Is that correct?
I think that's the standard.
And as far as I ask you and your counsels, it's a standard page 291,
who love your testimony.
2912, and I reach from your fifth book.
Wait one moment.
Yes sir.
And at the bottom of that page, the light's there.
Now Mr. Adam, you said that as the suggestion of Governor Sherman Adam,
you made up this report with this text and this design.
Is that correct?
Mr. Adam, yes sir.
How about directly read that question and your answer?
You have to.
How do you reconcile that?
The light's there.
Is that correct?
Just as any of us may be.
How do you reconcile your previous foreign testimony?
That as the suggestion and I'm using the exact words.
Of that as the suggestion of Governor Sherman Adam,
you made up this report with this text and this design.
With your statement as of now, a moment of goal.
That it was done solely and entirely on groundwork and on the event of
as it were released in the committee on March 11th,
on the initiative and volition of those in the synagogue and those souls.
On the second side, you're sworn statement that I have just read from the record,
who's you sworn statement has now given to this committee in public.
Yes sir, this question was asked me about an hour ago and I answered it about an arrival.
Get your answer and I'll write a statement and I'll write it out.
And I want you not to let some styles of these statements.
You say you can.
I stayed at enter.
That I felt that the statement I was making today was an elaboration of the statement
as me the other day and that when I thought to Governor Adam,
he made a suggestion to me, which was not a direction and that's the suggestion.
Couple with the event.
The occurrence of the release probably galvanized me to action in the preparation of this report
more quickly than otherwise would have been the case, but I felt that I would have prepared it.
You state now that your testimony as a testimony is an elaboration of your testimony previously given.
Yes, that's correct.
Mr. Adam, this is you state definitely and positively in the testimony that I have read to you.
That you prepared the report on sign as a suggestion and sermon item.
You may have guessed it over.
Yes, I did.
And didn't you state positively just now in a moment of going response to my perspective?
That the report on sign and the groundwork from which that report was prepared was made and prepared solely and exclusively.
Only initiatives and volition.
I view another's independent on.
Didn't you say that?
I did.
All right.
We're going to make direct contribution of the other.
I don't rather than an elaboration on it.
I don't think so.
You don't think so.
Now that Mr. Adam is a question for this committee to decide and not me and I have no further questions.
Thank you, sir.
Sir, there's a response.
There's a response.
Oh, for.
And you said is my right?
To my left?
Oh, for.
There's still up.
I think not.
From the majority of the country.
Oh, there's a response.
No, Mr. Adam.
I think that is from the chair of the president.
Through the first of the very short set of plans and plans to talk to the rest of the president about the finance of the business.
Very good.
I think that is from the chair of the president.
Through the first of the very short set of plans and plans to talk to í˜ë“¤wood's president about the money.
I think you said you described that the action decisions in this controversy were both in the army and the army alone.
Now, from the face of your school and touchable.
That you made up this report with respect to Mr. Shine as the suggestion of Governor Sherman F.
A White House of Business.
From the face of the fact that you called on Senator McClellan as the suggestion of the deputy attorney general of the United States.
A member of the Justice Department.
In view of the fact that you are a athlete on a visit to Senator Durston by Gerald Moore.
A White House assistant having no connection with the Pentagon.
In view of the fact that the decision to try to kill the investigation on the loyalty boards and bring up the Shine Matter was reached at a meeting.
Ascended by the Attorney General, the deputy attorney general, two top White House assistant and the UN ambassador.
It is a serious testimony to this committee that the actions and decisions were both of the army and the army alone.
Which act and which decision?
Well, sir, you admit that this even says that all of them related to this controversy were both of the army and the army alone.
If you wanted to gain this, if you wanted to, no, wait until you call on the things Mr. King and Mr. Steven said to the decision of the army and the army alone was the preparation of the army's chronology.
Well, I have nothing to do with the meeting of 21 January, nothing at all.
Well, would you want it now for the purposes of clarification, say, that the event-taking flight passed in after the January 21 meeting with reference to killing the loyalty board investigation and bringing up the Shine Matter to members of this committee.
Well, the both things were at the instigation of people outside of the army and the Pentagon. Do you want to know what's that matter?
I lost the question, I'll have to have a thread.
What's the matter?
Would you want it now for the purposes of clarification to say that the event-taking flight, nothing at the January 21 meeting, the purpose of killing the loyalty board investigation and bringing up the Shine Matter to members of this committee, that all things were at the instigation of people outside of the army and the Pentagon.
Do you want to tell us that?
Now, what is it? Do I not try to find out the correct?
What is your immediate question? I don't follow the question.
Well, sir, what we're trying to find out is that I now have the Secretary of State and people.
He says, I wish to make a perfectly planned statistician and the act on the part of the army concerning the controversy wasn't we being heard?
Whether the decisions and the action of the department of the army below. I'm asking you, sir, if you can reconcile that statement of the Secretary with the sworn testimony that the Deputy Attorney General sent you to see a Democratic member of this committee who is not even a member of the committee, with the fact that a decision of the federal committee, with the fact that you have previously testified that you prepared this report has the suggestion of a White House assistant.
With the fact that as a result of a meeting offended by two White House advisors and justice department advisors, you decided to come to the Republican Congress Committee linking and attempt to kill the loyalty for investigation, with thought about the both role of Home Shine Matter and that you are constantly on one of those visits by a White House assistant.
I'm asking you, sir, how you can possibly reconcile that. Well, like what do they very easily with the statement, but the act and decision have been known as the Army and the Army along.
I can do it very easily, sir. The act and decision to which Mr. Steven was a looting is the preparation of the Army chronology which this place from time after the first of March and which was the minute of the meeting.
I don't remember this committee around the 10th of March. You were coupling it to the actions which I chose to dismiss Steven's absence to this country around the 20th of January, which reference to the loyal report matters.
In each of those cases I have stated to you that there would have been no interview with any member of this committee. Had I told him not to come, I would be official of the Army who would have the responsibility in the area.
I made the call on the senators, the actions were actions of the Army. If the Army hadn't gone, if the Army hadn't participated there would have been no action.
But the action of the Army with reference to the loyal report matters on the 21st and 20th of January was not properly coupled itself as you're attempting to with the action of the Army and preparing charges on the first week of March.
Mr. Adam, I just see a different statement. Yes, sir, and I suggest that you would reach Secretary Steven's statement. I'd like to continue reading a few now. You will find that your interpretation of it I respectfully suggest is not wanted by the plain wording about the statement.
He goes on to say that no time to be Army who are I as the secretary receive any orders from anyone and respect to the preparation of the presentation of the Army's case.
Specifically, the conference of January 21 was only for the purpose of obtaining an interpretation of existing directives. That statement is inaccurate, is it?
The purpose of the conference of January 21 was only for the purpose of obtaining an interpretation of existing directives. That's not an accurate statement. I think it is.
Well, isn't it a fact that if that January 21st meeting has Mr. Rogers' reflections told his whole story about China? I've previously said that.
Well, doesn't that show that the statement that the meeting is not a purpose of the meeting and what's subsequently developed at the meeting might well be two different things?
So, well, might be, well, you say there might be a dual purpose. Mr. Steven says the conference was only for the purpose of obtaining an interpretation of directives. That is the reason I call the Attorney General. That's what I wanted to get. That's what I was after when I was over there.
I think it is. And the dual purpose of the wrong only had the meeting wasn't a dual purpose.
Well, then that arrow was. The China-Matter said the wrong was a meeting. Well, today before the meeting, you told Mr. Rogers about the China matter and he made a point with the beautiful authenticity that I'm not following about. That was before the meeting. Well, that's right.
Now I go on to the next thing. Action taken by the Army. Why are four? What's the one to do with the meeting?
Work in the depending on the time. Take in Army. Army only points to those.
Is that true, sir? Yes. How can the Army take any of these actions without taking the responsibility for it?
Yes, sir.
Well, Mr. Adams, the point is that they, Sherman Adams and that physically made use of it down and right to read blood and that you were not physically taken over the Senate at Dirkton's office.
I told them I'd be something otherwise. There are not going to answer any more questions and just submit the right to the committee to lay it now stand to see if there's any possible way of reconciling.
I have a little bit of a lot of nights to present that work. After you have been placed in Vietnam, you settle for that.
Have you listened to your personal advice to get rid of this list so we can move on?
Yes, sir. Adams, do you run my department on the 22nd of January, right?
I run the department.
You have the meeting with the Justice Department on the 21st? I did.
Between the time of the meeting of the Justice Department and the meeting of my department, you had called on some of her and heard them that they knew what they'd cut to kill the subpoenas for the loyalty board.
The clearing of the individuals over the fort moments of coming to the practice.
Well, that's a little longer. I didn't say that. That wasn't the conversation. I wasn't talking about clearing the loyalty bar for two interns.
Well, clearing the conversation.
I mean, that's not too long. You and my differ as well. They were very kind to me.
When he's any event, one of the subjects of conversation at the department, we were very close to the completely friendly conversation.
What was that? You thought we should not call the members of the old loyalty board.
I think so every time you brought the subject up, I suggested it be deferred for the station and the chief and the return of the party.
Any event you didn't want the peanut issue, did you?
No, but I don't think you and I discussed it. The issuing of the peanut that you're a department that night. I may be wrong, but I don't recollect that.
Well, it doesn't really have to be a custom-funded tale of Adams.
Well, it is a comparison to see how you were handling the full loyalty board in this case with the way Mr. Blackenberg handled the loyalty board in the government printing off of the stage.
I found out to you there that we had found the testimony of the cabinet. Mr. Blackenberg had ordered the loyalty board to appear.
We found there were a mishandling of agencies here, moved them promptly.
And that might suggest to you that the loyalty board was concerned with was part of the old terms of the theme.
But it had already been removed. Now, if you're curious to know where they were, what they were doing, what they were handling security work, what must the general subject?
Well, I don't think there is a meeting with so much people. I do not recall if you just brought up the government printing office.
I don't recall as a front of the conversation with the tenor that you're now describing.
No, I left there and you didn't tell me that you had just been the other son of yours.
I did not tell you that you knew it. But I didn't tell you that you knew it.
I didn't know it.
You didn't?
No, no.
Now, we didn't know it was going to be a good issue.
You didn't, we didn't discuss the fact that you had been to the other son of yours.
No, it's there.
You did not tell me that you had this conference about the White House.
I did not say.
And you were forced to know that I didn't know that.
I don't know if you didn't know it.
I assume you didn't know it.
No, there's sort of an interesting sequence of events here you talked to me about tonight.
The next day you started to prepare the charge.
The next day you were to take care of the memorandum for the record of my meeting with your department.
I mean, how often does your salary be fired?
Well, they're going around.
Let's pretend we're off to deal with the cost of the country to permit our station to identify themselves.
This is ABC Television Network.
I'm not sure regarding some of your previous testimonies.
Some several days ago, when you were on the spam, you testified as I recall.
I think this is an exact quote that you found.
At some time, and of course, it's these events.
You found that I thought that Mr. Cole had the capacity to control the committee.
Is that your testimony?
Yes, actually.
I recall that I think that there is a substance with me.
I don't know where I picked up another exact quote on it.
We've spoken about wrecking silent things here, little.
I want to get that wrecking child if you include the Democratic members of which committee will be shut down.
I include it, sir.
In my whole mind, the people who are within our committee can have that time, sir.
It was out of the court.
I believe when that remark was made, I don't believe it was ever meant for members.
And I believe all those there are.
I don't know if they were going to remember.
I'm not sure when they left, sir.
But I think less than you, sir.
Then they definitely were not members.
I want to know what you have said in that report.
I am not, sir.
All right.
The fact is that I was just coming to the next.
I'm not sure if that is the answer to this.
I recall in the earlier testimony that it is extremely sweet between the loyalty board and the government's critical officer.
And the loyalty board and any other agency that you might see on the feet of the agency,
the government's minimum distance was under the control of the direction,
other legislatures and government.
But that is not just that.
I believe in the truth that all the employees here in the government say their mission.
Have civil service meetings and time their way in to the federal affairs of life,
any employee you need to get to the point.
I don't know, sir.
I don't know much about the government.
I believe in the real history.
I believe in the history of the government.
I know no administrative functions.
That the junk community on public education started over the first mill in the early 2016.
These types of complaints were taught to public prisoners,
but other than that, we have no administrative issues.
I intercom had out of the calling functions of the junk community on public education,
given the intercom to the character of the poor man and the committee,
deciding whether or not it is a racial mechanism.
So, I think the way I would say that the legal system is clear.
We read a lot of the lawyers, the government, and all this,
and there are many other activities.
It's my understanding, sir.